and this video,
we're going to see how we can copy a worksheet using V B A.
So to actually compete a worksheet in V.
B.
A.
We need to use the worksheet dot com p method and the work she thought.
Campy method has two parameters the before and after parameters,
and they work exactly as how they did on the worksheet dot add method.
So they actually copy the sheet and put the new copy before or after the worksheet that you
would specify on the before or after parameters.
Okay,
so let's go back to the visual basic editor and see how that works.
So to copy worksheet,
we need to use the worksheet dot copy method.
So we need to actually specify the name of the worksheet that we need to.
Copies were gonna write worksheets sheet one dot copy.
So I say I want a copy sheet one here that I've got and then when we press space.
Actually,
there is nothing that would make the parameters appear on the screen here.
The open brackets,
they won't appear.
If you press face,
they won't appear so actually just got to know them.
And let's say we're gonna insert the new sheets before sheet one we're gonna right before
calling equals and then worksheets sheet one.
So what this is going to do is that it's gonna copy sheet one and insert the new copy
before she won,
and that is to the left hand side of sheet one.
So if I run the code,
you can see here that sheet one has been copied.
The new names sheet one with two between parenthesis,
and it's been inserted on the left hand side of sheet one,
if you use the after parameter than this is gonna insert the new sheet after sheet one,
which is to the right hand side of sheet one.
So if you run that,
you can see here that the new sheet has been inserted to the right hand side of sheet one.
If you leave the dot copy method without specifying the before after.
So if you just delete that and we run the code,
what's gonna happen is that sheet one is gonna be copied into a new blank workbook.
So actually Excel is gonna copy it and put it in a new blank workbook.
So if I run the code here.
You can see here that a new blank workbook named Book One has been created with sheet one
copied to it.
Okay.
And then afterwards,
you could save that workbook or do anything to that workbook.
And we will learn how to deal with workbooks later on in the course.
But just know that if you do not specify the before or after parameters on the dot copy
method for the worksheet,
you're gonna have your worksheet copied into a new blank workbook.
Okay,
so another scenario is that if you want your newly copy cheat to have a different name than
sheet one with a number between brackets,
for example so you want to name it my sheet,
for example.
So how do we do that?
Well,
I want to show you something here.
If you select sheet one and copy it.
Some gonna press control on my keyboard here.
I'm gonna copy on the Excel interface,
the Normal Excel interface.
You can see here that the newly created copy cheat here is now the active sheet.
So when you copy a sheet,
the newly copied cheat is gonna be the active sheet.
The copy is gonna be the active sheet.
So we're actually gonna take advantage of that and use an object called the active sheet.
So the active sheet is a worksheet object,
and it has older methods and properties of a worksheet or a sheet.
So actually,
we're gonna write active sheet,
and then we're going to use the dot name property and change that to whatever name we want
.
So here I'm going to change the name of the active sheets,
which is gonna be the newly comp itchy to my sheet.
So when we run that code,
what's gonna happen is that sheet one is going to be copied,
and then it's gonna become the active sheet,
and then we're going to change its name.
And actually,
if we do,
if you run the code this way,
it's gonna be coming to a new workbook.
So we would write before.
For example,
calling equals worksheets sheet one,
because I don't want a new workbook to be created.
I just wanted to be copied in this existing workbook.
So now a newly copied worksheet is gonna be created on the left hand side of sheet one,
and it's gonna be named my sheet.
So we will run the code now.
And you can see here that a newly created cheat has been created here.
And it is on the left hand side of sheet one.
And it is named Molly Sheet.
Okay,
I So that's it for copying worksheets.
Thank you very much for watching this video and I'll see on the next one.